We used a French equivalent to writer, "scripteur" which isn't really used in daily life, so it might have confused some people who were expecting the use of "writer" even in a French context.

There is one outlier in the data, whose answer came really late in the survey, a CEO with a really high salary. We thought it was a troll at first, but the answers seem consistent with at least one French CEOs we're aware of, so we think it should be included (but treated differently as it's a boss)

We haven't divided by regions and instead have gone with national level data. In hindsight, we should have gone with asking for the city in/around which people live.

In the position question, we use "scenarist (digital)" and "scenarist (analog)" instead of "game writer"; as a result, someone answered they were an "auteur (writer)" but based on their work (said person has self-identified) we think it could be treated as answering "scenarist (digital)". I haven't modified the fields and left the decision up to you.

The status question is modified to fit French regulation and practices. Besides freelance and studio owner, there are only 2 kinds of contract : CDI, a contract without a fixed duration and strong protections against lay-offs, and CDD, the same contract but with a fixed duration. Both of these can be full- or part-time. Contrary to what I was initially thinking, and after checking on the legal side, CDD is not an equivalent to the contractor status in the US, as employees under a CDD contract are full employees of a company with the same rights as people under a CDI contract, just for a fixed lenght of time. The full list of options was :
Full-time unlimited term contract (CDI) – You work 35 hours or more a week for a studio with a CDI.
Full-time fixed term contract (CDD) – You work 35 hours or more a week for a studio with a CDD.
Part-time unlimited term contract (CDI) – You work 1 to 34 hours a week for a studio with a CDI.
Part-time fixed term contract (CDD) – You work 1 to 34 hours a week for a studio with a CDD.
Full-time Freelancer – You work 35 or more hours for one or multiple projects (including your own)
Part Time Freelancer - You work 1 to 34 hours a week for one or multiple projects (which can include your own)
Full time executive - You run a company/studio as a writer, narrative lead, editor, etc. (with hiring power) for 35 or more hours per week
Part time executive - You run a company/studio as a writer around 1-30 hours a week
Solo developer - You work primarily on your own projects with no other permanent paid team

In the problems, lack of benefits/healthcare has been changed to "healthcare coverage problems caused by an employer" to better reflect the french reality of our healthcare system.
Don't know if it's relevant, and I guess it might be the same elsewhere, but if not I'll detail : delayed/missing payments isn't the same problem legally for people in a CDD/CDI or for Freelancers. Paying salaries late is a criminal offense in France and depends on our labour laws, while paying Freelancers late depends on business laws and there isn't much one can do against it. It's therefore much more prevalent for freelancers.

"Have you already worked as a hidden salaried worker ?" This is a direct equivalent to "Have you been miscategorized as an independent contractor now or in the past?" but adapted for French context and affects freelancers.

Included is : 
- a raw data version, in which the data has been translated and nothing else.
- an adjusted data one, to make consistent all the answers (e.g. the salary is made monthly for everyone, and the revenue is made annual). Note : I wanted to include this because some answers didn't make sense at all, but in a lot of cases I tried to guess what the people actually meant based on my experience with the French industry, so use it or not, it's really up to you. 